notes-development/100-days-of-code.md, before:

# 100 Days of Code

- **Day1**
  - [[Dynamic-css-variables-202112151151]]
    - Rough solution: [[change-css-variables-202112151155]]
  - [[Weather-app-202112151954]] Began working on a weather app project challenge.
- **Day2**
  - Continue working on [[Weather-app-202112151954]]
    - Adding date to the top bar
    - cleaning up the code
    - clean up the UI
    - Fix outstanding environment variables [issue][1]
    - removed erroneously added file to [repo][2]
- **Day3**
  - Played with some [codewars](https://www.codewars.com/) katas


[1]: <javascript/react/dotenv-tip-202112162244.md>
[2]: <reference/removing committed files from repo-202112170225.md>

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[Dynamic-css-variables-202112151151]: projects/Dynamic-css-variables-202112151151 "Dynamic-css-variables 202112151151"
[change-css-variables-202112151155]: javascript/change-css-variables-202112151155 "change-css-variables 202112151155"
[Weather-app-202112151954]: projects/Weather-app-202112151954 "Weather App"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"

Commit message:

Added notes on pomodoro timer project

notes-development/100-days-of-code.md, after:

# 100 Days of Code

- **Day1**
  - [[Dynamic-css-variables-202112151151]]
    - Rough solution: [[change-css-variables-202112151155]]
  - [[Weather-app-202112151954]] Began working on a weather app project challenge.
- **Day2**
  - Continue working on [[Weather-app-202112151954]]
    - Adding date to the top bar
    - cleaning up the code
    - clean up the UI
    - Fix outstanding environment variables [issue][1]
    - removed erroneously added file to [repo][2]
- **Day3**
  - Played with some [codewars](https://www.codewars.com/) katas
- **Day4**
  - Playing with some very tricky and hard [katas](https://www.codewars.com/kata/53f40dff5f9d31b813000774/train/python).
- **Day5**
  - Creating Pomodoro application 
  - Fixing the unit testing on the blog app

[1]: <javascript/react/dotenv-tip-202112162244.md>
[2]: <reference/removing committed files from repo-202112170225.md>

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[Dynamic-css-variables-202112151151]: projects/Dynamic-css-variables-202112151151 "Dynamic-css-variables 202112151151"
[change-css-variables-202112151155]: javascript/change-css-variables-202112151155 "change-css-variables 202112151155"
[Weather-app-202112151954]: projects/Weather-app-202112151954 "Weather App"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
